1)  When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

--> 
    Because creating a remote repository will: 
    
    i)  Serve as a Backup when and if my local files are deleted or they become corrupt.
    ii) Share my (Open Source) code and docs with the rest of the world.
	ii) Let me check out my work, from anywhere and any device, even if I don't have my machine with me.

2)  Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date 
	with your remote repository?

-->
	Because this approach gives me more control over what I would like to work on in my local machine.
	
3)  Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

-->
	i)   Forks are simply the cloning that exists in between the repositories in Github and Github ONLY. (Github <-fork-> Github)
	ii)  Clones are the complete coping of the files and commit history between two different repositories on the same machine or
	     different machines. (Github/Local <-clone-> Local)
	iii) Branches are the threads of codes that occur inside a repository. They occur within the repository to give seperate areas
	     to work on.
		 
	I would use:
		Forks  : When I want to build upon another's work available on Github, in my Github.
		Clone  : When I want to work upon another's code (remote repository) on my own local machine.
		Branch : When I want to experiment or add a new feature to my project/code seperately, without the risk of breaking the whole thing.\
		
4)	What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

-->
	Knowing what's the state of the remote in my local itself lets me make changes to the local file accordingly. Also, when 
	syncing with the remote repo later online, having the copy of the last known state will make it easier to compare any 
	changes made between the remote and the local repo and help to solve confilcts too.

5)  How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

-->
	I have been just sharing files through Storage Devices and paste.ly, and if it not were for GitHub or Git, I would be
	collaborating using Google Docs, pastebin.com, email, storage devices, FTP and a host of other tools. 
	It would not be easier, I really don't know how it would be easier.
	But, maintaing different features, tracking of different versions and allowing authorized persons to make changes to the 
	code would definitely be way harder.





